README.md, before:

# mcandre/docker-multi-cc: Docker images for building alt-libc applications

# EXAMPLE

```console
$ docker pull mcandre/docker-multi-cc:ubuntu

$ docker run mcandre/docker-multi-cc:ubuntu musl-gcc --version
gcc (Ubuntu 5.4.0-6ubuntu1~16.04.4) 5.4.0 20160609
Copyright (C) 2015 Free Software Foundation, Inc.
This is free software; see the source for copying conditions.  There is NO
warranty; not even for MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
```

# DOCKERHUB

https://hub.docker.com/r/mcandre/docker-multi-cc/

# REQUIREMENTS

* [Docker](https://www.docker.com)

# BUILD IMAGES

```console
$ make

$ docker images | grep multi-cc
mcandre/docker-multi-cc                fedora              3607949c5256        2 minutes ago       407 MB
mcandre/docker-multi-cc                ubuntu              f483c3a80000        3 minutes ago       145 MB
mcandre/docker-multi-cc                opensuse            4eefc910fa32        4 minutes ago       346 MB
mcandre/docker-multi-cc                openwrt             20e50b5a1969        40 minutes ago      75.4MB
mcandre/docker-multi-cc                centos              1447db0453b0        8 minutes ago       297 MB
mcandre/docker-multi-cc                mageia              d39eeecc4998        8 minutes ago       322 MB
mcandre/docker-multi-cc                busybox             2ae9558e9e8e        4 seconds ago       71.1 MB
mcandre/docker-multi-cc                alpine              3f601c41643e        13 minutes ago      101 MB
mcandre/docker-multi-cc                debian              6431a82ca1d1        20 hours ago        319 MB
mcandre/docker-multi-cc                arch                84cfc040bc7b        2 hours ago         898 MB
mcandre/docker-multi-cc                slackware           0c16b3ae7f6e        About a minute ago   511 MB
```

# PUBLISH IMAGES

```console
$ make publish
```

Commit message:

fix publish mageia task; delete old "busybox" image in favor of openwrt

README.md, after:

# mcandre/docker-multi-cc: Docker images for building alt-libc applications

# ABOUT

The included base images serve as an example of how to install C compiler toolchains, for various Linux flavors.

Most Linux distributions run GNU libc binaries and target GNU libc by default in gcc. Other distributions are notable for supporting alternative libc's:

* Alpine: musl
* OpenWrt: uClibc

# EXAMPLE

```console
$ docker pull mcandre/docker-multi-cc:ubuntu

$ docker run mcandre/docker-multi-cc:ubuntu musl-gcc --version
gcc (Ubuntu 5.4.0-6ubuntu1~16.04.4) 5.4.0 20160609
Copyright (C) 2015 Free Software Foundation, Inc.
This is free software; see the source for copying conditions.  There is NO
warranty; not even for MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
```

# DOCKERHUB

https://hub.docker.com/r/mcandre/docker-multi-cc/

# REQUIREMENTS

* [Docker](https://www.docker.com)

# BUILD IMAGES

```console
$ make

$ docker images | grep multi-cc
mcandre/docker-multi-cc                fedora              3607949c5256        2 minutes ago       407 MB
mcandre/docker-multi-cc                ubuntu              f483c3a80000        3 minutes ago       145 MB
mcandre/docker-multi-cc                opensuse            4eefc910fa32        4 minutes ago       346 MB
mcandre/docker-multi-cc                openwrt             20e50b5a1969        40 minutes ago      75.4MB
mcandre/docker-multi-cc                centos              1447db0453b0        8 minutes ago       297 MB
mcandre/docker-multi-cc                mageia              d39eeecc4998        8 minutes ago       322 MB
mcandre/docker-multi-cc                alpine              3f601c41643e        13 minutes ago      101 MB
mcandre/docker-multi-cc                debian              6431a82ca1d1        20 hours ago        319 MB
mcandre/docker-multi-cc                arch                84cfc040bc7b        2 hours ago         898 MB
mcandre/docker-multi-cc                slackware           0c16b3ae7f6e        About a minute ago   511 MB
```

# PUBLISH IMAGES

```console
$ make publish
```
